app/vmui: show exact values in chart tooltip (#10988)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): return error on startup if `-remoteWrite.disableOnDiskQueue` is not configured uniformly across all `-remoteWrite.url` targets when `-remoteWrite.shardByURL` is enabled. Either all targets must have it enabled or all must have it disabled. See [#10507](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10507).
* BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): hide values passed to `vmalert.proxyURL` in startup logs, `/metrics`, and `/flags`, since they can contain sensitive HTTP headers such as `Authorization` and API keys.

> * BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): preserve exact series values in graph tooltips instead of rounding them by significant digits. See [#10952](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10952).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): Raw Query tab shows exact series values in graph tooltip instead of rounding them by significant digits. See [#10952](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10952).
```
